Remove old angular react example links (#9)
pxblue/mapbox: README.md

    zoom
});
```

> For more detailed instructions on using Mapbox in your application, see our demos for [Angular](https://stackblitz.com/github/pxblue/mapbox/tree/master/angular-demo) or [React](https://codesandbox.io/s/github/pxblue/mapbox/tree/master/react-demo).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more detailed instructions on using Mapbox in your application, read about our [Visualization Patterns](https://pxblue.github.io/patterns/visualizations) and see our demos for [Angular](https://stackblitz.com/github/pxblue/mapbox/tree/master/angular-demo) and [React](https://codesandbox.io/s/github/pxblue/mapbox/tree/master/react-demo).
```

> For more information on using Mapbox in your application, see our [visualization](https://pxblue.github.io/patterns/visualizations) design page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
